# python-challenge
Challenge_3
Pybank is a folder with a python file, a resource folder with a CSV file, and an analysis folder with a text file of the results.  The python file was created to be executed and provide a financial analysis of the csv file data and provide the number of months in the dataset, the net total, the average change, the month with the greatest increase in profits and the month with the greatest decrease in profits. The months was calcualted by creating a unique value for the number of months and using the len function.  The total was summed up by making the values in the row an integer and adding rows to created a total.  The average change was calculated by creating a value for average change which divides the total change by the number of changes.  The max decrease and max decrease are obtained by creating the values and then iterating over the rows to find the max increases and decreases.  The values were then printed in the terminal as well as to the analysis output file in the analysis folder.

Pypoll is a folder with a python file, a resources folder with a csv file, and an analysis folder with a text file of the results.  The python file, when executed, provides election data from the csv file.  It gives a total number of votes, the votes by each candidate, the percentage of the overall votes by candidate, and the winner of the election based on votes.  The total votes was calculated by creating a variable of vote counts and getting the sum of that row.  The candidates were printed and a percenatge of their total votes was obtained by dividing the count of votes for the candidate by the total votes and multiplying by 100.  The results were printed to terminal as well as the analysis text file.
